I've been fighting not his demons in the night trying to keep it all together but it's tight
If I fall in nobody in my side so I turn my pain musely right
I've been walking through the door no lie
Every scar got a story I can't hide
If I make it through the storm I'll might find a piece of me I lost
Stand side down deep where my mind can escape it
Every dog got away gotta face it
We staring at the void trying to shape it
Turn nothing into someone I say
I remember all the night feeling restless
Hard heavy every breath feeling breathless
Trying to number but the pain stayed endless
So I turn into a floor now it's endless
Yeah the city never cares it just moves
All the same story different face that it feeds
All the same pains and the man's who goes
All I'm writing what I saw just to speak
All I ain't perfect dying made all my flaws
Gotta worry my hair when I pause
Every line that I write gotta cause but it's better than pretend I'm lost
I've been trying to find meaning in chaos
Every step of life working to fall out
If I stop then I fade and I fall out
So I keep moving up until I burn out
But I notice I like somewhere I did
Even if all this talk is surrounded
Every beat like a bosom survive it
Every word like a son I'm so fired
So I keep going even when it's heavy
Even when every breath feels steady
Turn up pain and I'll keep it ready
If I follow the music to carry
Yeah
I've been fighting all these demons
In the night
Trying to keep it all together
But it's tight
Yeah, if I fall in nobody in my sight
So I turn my pain
I'm usually ready right
I've been walking through the dark night
Every scar got a story I can't hide
If I make it through the storm
I might find a piece of me
I lost inside
Thanks for watching
Bye
Hey